# EasyCompare

## Description
EasyCompare is a tool designed to make the process of creating detailed comparison tables an easier, quicker and more enjoyable experience. 

## Features

### Attribute Editing Panel
An attribute holds information for a spec, feature or quality that will be used to compare entries. Each table cell holds a value and a rating. Depending on the options you choose during the attribute creation, a cell's rating will either be automatically generated by comparing it's value against it's respective attribute information, or you will enter the rating yourself. 

* Name: Simply the name of you attribute
* Prefix: Text that will be attached to the beginning of a cell's value
* Suffix: Text that will be attached to the end of a cell's value
* Data Type: The type of data you want the column to hold
  - Text
    * No Rating: Text that is not meant to be rated
    * Self Rated: Text that has a rating assigned by the user
    * Name Matching: Allows the user to create a list of name-rating pairs. When editing an entry cell you'll be able to choose from one of these options, and the cell will take the rating you attached to that option
  - Number: User must set up a range of numbers that cell values will be compared against. For example, if you have a "Price" attribute with a type of "Number" and a range of "(1400, 2000)", a cell's rating will be determined based on where the number is within that range. Values get clamped at the far ends of the range. 
    * Range Type: Choose between a 2-value or 3-value range
    * Values: The range values you want to use.
    * Best: Determines which part of the range you consider to be "best". A cell that matches this range value will be giving a 10/10 rating
  - Score: When editing an entry's cell you'll be able to choose a 0-10 rating via a slider
  - Yes / No
    * Best Value: Choose between "Yes" and "No" being the desired value. A cell's value that matches this will be given a 10/10 rating. A cell's value that doesn't match will be giving a 0/10 rating
  - Link: When editing an entry cell for this attribute you'll be able to add a url which will result in a clickable hyperlink on the table, named "Link". This will not be given a rating
* Importance Level: How much you care about this particular attribute. Cells with lower importance will have less weight in the final entry score calculation

  ### Entry Editing Panel
  These are the options (rows) you'll be comparing against eachother. Simply give the entry a name and enter a value and/or rating for each attribute.

  ### Settings Panel
  * (toggle) Color cells based on their rating. The color scale goes from red (0/10) to yellow (5/10) to green (10/10)
  * (toggle) Shrink the columns to their smallest possible widths
  * Download table as PDF
  * Copy a url to clipboard for sharing your table. Users that visit this link will be able to view and download your table but cannot edit it
  * Delete comparison
